Make `cyclocomp_linter()` optional (#2555)
r-lib/lintr: NEWS.md

* `extraction_operator_linter()` is deprecated. Although switching from `$` to `[[` has some robustness benefits for package code, it can lead to non-idiomatic code in many contexts (e.g. R6 classes, Shiny applications, etc.) (#2409, @IndrajeetPatil). To enable the detection of the `$` operator for extraction through partial matching, use `options(warnPartialMatchDollar = TRUE)`.
* `unnecessary_nested_if_linter()` is deprecated and subsumed into the new/more general `unnecessary_nesting_linter()`.
* Drop support for posting GitHub comments from inside GitHub comment bot, Travis, Wercker, and Jenkins CI tools (spurred by #2148, @MichaelChirico). We rely on GitHub Actions for linting in CI, and don't see any active users relying on these alternatives. We welcome and encourage community contributions to get support for different CI system going again.

> * `cyclocomp_linter()` is no longer part of the default linters (#2555, @IndrajeetPatil) because the tidyverse style guide doesn't contain any guidelines on meeting certain complexity requirements. New users will need to install the needed `{cyclocomp}` package and, if relevant, also install it in the CI/CD pipelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `cyclocomp_linter()` is no longer part of the default linters (#2555, @IndrajeetPatil) because the tidyverse style guide doesn't contain any guidelines on meeting certain complexity requirements. Note that users with `cyclocomp_linter()` in their configs may now need to install {cyclocomp} intentionally, in particular in CI/CD pipelines.
```
